---
id: 612
title: 'Red Wine'
date: '2019-05-12T14:56:25+00:00'
author: 'Desdemona Wren'
layout: post
guid: 'http://desdemonawren.blog/?p=612'
permalink: /2019/05/12/red-wine/
timeline_notification:
    - '1557698267'
publicize_twitter_user:
    - DesdemonaWren
ppma_authors_name:
    - 'Desdemona Wren'
categories:
    - 'short stories'
tags:
    - NSFW
    - old
    - 'original work'
    - smut
    - writing
---

Her large pink plastic earrings clicked against her sunglasses as she walked fast into the room holding a huge bottle of red wine. The other agents that had been in the room stopped talking for a minute and gazed over at her, some of them even allowing their jaws to drop open.

“*What!?*” She shrieked, grabbing a corkscrew from one of the kitchen drawers and twisting it into the cork at the top of the bottle.

“Dess…” Someone said from near her, sounding concerned.

“Not now, Kura,” Dess responded harshly, reaching up and ripping the short black wig off of her head and tossing it onto the granite counter top.

“Is everything alright?” Kura asked, obviously oblivious to Desdemona’s foul mood. Dess growled, yanking the cork out of the bottle and taking a big swig. The liquid went down hot, but not burning hot like other liquors.

“Did your mission go okay?” Kura asked, jumping a little when Dess slammed the bottle back down on the counter top.

“Does it *look* like my mission went okay?” Desdemona shrieked, her brown hair falling out of its place on top of her head. Kura swallowed hard, looking around at the others who were now busying themselves with whatever they currently had in front of them.

“Uh,” Kura said nervously, backing away from the extremely pissed off woman in front of her.

“*Huh*!?” Dess shrieked, spit flying from her mouth as she reached for the bottle again, taking another long swig.

“No,” the girl squeaked, turning around and running out of the room.

“Pssh,” Dess said watching her run out before taking another swig from the bottle.

“Now that wasn’t very nice,” a male voice sounded from behind her, Dess whirled around and faced John, the most annoying agent ever to make it into AFTER.

“John,” she said, trying to sound annoyed, but it came out more surprised. She swallowed, her throat feeling a little dry, probably due to the alcohol.

“I think you should go and apologize,” John said, reaching out and taking the bottle of wine out of her hand. Dess growled at him and reached out to take it back. He held it away from her with a smirk on his face. She snorted and crossed her arms across her chest, grinding her teeth together in annoyance.

“And if I don’t?” She asked, eyes narrowing.

“I’ll dump your whole bottle of wine here,” he said, bringing it to his lips to take a sip from the bottle before continuing, “Mmm,” he said, swishing the liquid around in his mouth, “And it tastes expensive.” Dess just rolled her eyes.

“Why should I care?” She said, leaning closer to him, breath reeking of alcohol (and not just red wine), “I stole it.” John smirked again.

“Tch, tch, tch,” he said, wagging his finger in her face, “What am I going to do with you? You’ve been so naughty today.” Dess blinked, arching her eyebrow and willing herself not to blush at John’s obvious sexual tone.

“Pssh,” she said, clicking her tongue, “Like you’d do anything, you’re not my dad.” Dess reached out and grabbed the bottle out of John’s hand, walking past him slow, hips swaying and practically daring him to do something about her being naughty.

“Don’t tempt me,” he warned her, eyes practically glued to her perfectly peach shaped behind.

“Like, this?” She asked, taking another swig from the bottle and heading for the stairs. When she got to the bottom of the staircase she turned back over her shoulder and blew him a kiss.

“Told you,” she called back to him, “you’re not man enough to handle me.” John took in a deep breath through his nostrils, rushing to the staircase behind her. The look on Desdemona’s face when he stopped next to her was priceless.

“And I told *you* not to tempt me,” he growled, grabbing the bottle and tossing it almost casually over his shoulder. Desdemona watched, mouth agape as the wine bottle shattered against the red carpet.

“That’s gonna st—” She shrieked as John grabbed her and flung her over his shoulder, climbing the stairs to the girl’s rooms.

“I need to teach you some manners,” he hissed, stomping down the hall and yanking open the door to her bedroom. Once inside, he slammed the door behind him, tossing her onto the bed roughly. She screamed, grabbing at her white comforter.

“I just made this bed!” She screamed, grabbing one of her fluffy feather pillows and throwing it at him. John said nothing, advancing on her and pinning her beneath him.

“I think someone needs a spanking,” he said, flipping her over beneath him effortlessly as if she were a rag doll.

“Let go of me!” Dess screamed against the bed, struggling to free herself.

“No,” John said, sniggering a little as he pulled his hand back and brought it down to hit her rump hard. Dess screamed again, begging him to stop.

“Are you going to apologize to Kura?” He asked.

“God no!” she responded, he smacked her rump hard again. She screamed, hand clutching at the comforter.

“Are you?” he asked.

“Fine!” She yelled, “Fine I’ll tell her I’m sorry!”

“And?” He asked, smacking her again, but softer and more playful this time.

“AND!?” She shrieked, there was more that he wanted her to do?

“What about me?” He asked, “Are you going to tell me that you’re sorry?”

“In your dreams!” She responded, he chuckled and smacked her butt again, so hard that it echoed off the walls. She screamed, tears coming to her eyes.

“You seem to be forgetting the kind of position you’re in right now, Dess,” he said, hitting her butt just soft enough so it would bounce slightly.

“Fine,” she whimpered, “I’m sorry, will you please stop now?” John chuckled again, leaning down so he was right next to her ear.

“Do you really want me to stop, Dess?” He asked, his breath hitting against her cheek softly. She took in a sharp breath, body tensing beneath him.

“I have to apologize to Kura….” She whispered, chewing on her bottom lip.

“Do you really want to do that?” he whispered, brushing her hair away from her neck softly. Beneath him, she shivered at this touch.

“I don’t know,” she said, whimpering softly as he kissed her neck. “m…maybe…”

“Are you sure?” He asked, kissing her neck again, this time sucking a little.

“You wanted me to,” she muttered as he reached beneath her, grabbing one of her breasts and squeezing gently.

“Well, we’re kind of busy right now, aren’t we?” He asked, nibbling on her earlobe. Dess moaned loudly.

“Yes,” she hissed. Maybe this time…her mind trailed off, remembering the last time John had her in a position like this, bent over a table in the computer room. He left before he could do anything that time.

“Don’t stop this time,” she mewled.

“I’m not going to,” he said seductively, moving off of her a little so he could force her onto her back.

“Promise me,” she begged as he practically tore her shirt off of her and tossed it onto the floor.

“Does it seem like I’m going to stop?” He asked, pulling her up into a sitting position and kissing her roughly. She moaned into his mouth as he squeezed one of her breasts with one hand and undid her bra with the other.

“Don’t stop,” she breathed as he pulled away to take her bra off. He chuckled a little bit.

“I’m not going to, Dess,” he whispered, kissing her collar bone gently before moving lower to take one of her nipples into his mouth.

“A…ah,” Dess moaned, spreading her legs a little bit.

“Wet already?” He asked before touching his tongue to her other nipple, teasing it a little before taking that one into his mouth as well, running his tongue over it in circular motions. Dess gripped the sheets and moaned even louder.

“You like that?” He asked, amused.

“Don’t. Stop,” she gasped. He smirked, taking her other nipple into his mouth and licking it in the same circular motion. Dess moaned again, reaching down and pushing her already short leather miniskirt up and rubbing her clit through her white lacey panties.

“Now, now, now,” John said, pulling back from her breasts, “That’s my job.” Dess sighed softly as he moved her hand, unzipping her skirt and slowly pulling it down over her legs. When he got to her feet, he stopped for a moment, contemplating.

“What?” Dess asked, sitting up a little and looking at him, “Why’d you stop?”

“I think I like the shoes better on,” he whispered, pulling her skirt off the rest of the way and letting it fall to the floor.

“Shoe fetish?” She asked, amused. John smirked at her, but didn’t answer, instead he spread her legs, fitting himself between them and started to plant soft kisses against her stomach.

“A..ah…” she breathed, tangling her fingers in his hair. He kept kissing lower, rubbing his thumb against her clit softly.

“Harder,” she pleaded, bucking her hips, but he did not comply, teasing her. She moaned louder the lower he got, her loudest moan being when he reached the top of her panties.

He stopped for a minute, watching as she arched her back and bucked her hips again. Then he started kissing even lower, planting a soft kiss against her through her panties. Dess took in a sharp breath, back arching, hands gripping against her blanket.

“You like that?” He asked, teasing her a little by flicking his tongue against her clit through her panties. She mewled loudly, hips bucking.

“Please,” she begged, opening her legs wider. He smirked, pulling her panties to the side before flicking his tongue against her bare clit. She hissed beneath him, biting her lip and spreading her legs as wide as they could go.

“Mmm,” he said, pulling away from her and yanking her panties off and over her sexy red and black stiletto heels.

“J…John” she whimpered as he let her panties slide from his hand onto the floor.

“God, you’re so sexy” he whispered, gazing down at her body.

“I…I’m ready,” she whispered, body tensing slightly at the idea of having sex for the first time.

“Shh, Dess,” he whispered back, pulling his shirt off and undoing his belt before leaning down and pressing his chest against hers. She gasped, wrapping her arms around him. “You’ve got to relax,” he said against her throat, planting soft kisses.

“Mmph,” she whimpered, body relaxing a little. John sighed, kissing against her shoulder and reaching down to undo his pants. Dess tensed again as he kicked his shoes off and pulled his pants down a little ways.

“Dess,” he warned, “relax.”

“I’m scared,” she said as he pulled his pants down to his knees and pressed himself against her softly. She whimpered a little, feeling him press against her through his cloth boxers.

“Shh,” he told her, leaning and kissing her forehead gently, “it’s okay, Dess.” She whimpered a little when he pulled back and kicked his jeans off before pulling his boxers off slowly. Dess swallowed as she watched him drop the boxers into the floor with the rest of their clothes.

“Ready?” He asked, pressing himself gently against her entrance. She whimpered, gasping and tensing beneath him.

“Shh, Dess,” he said, leaning down to kiss her inner thigh. She signed softly as he sucked on her skin.

“I want it,” she begged, “please.” He stopped for a moment, looking up at her and smiling softly and slipping just the tip inside of her. She whimpered and gasped.

“S…stop,” she begged, “for a second…please…i…it hurts.” He stopped and waited for a few seconds before slipping farther inside of her. She whimpered again, tears springing into her eyes. He stopped again.

“Nnn…” she whimpered, “Keep going…” He pushed in deeper, stopping every time she made a noise like she was in pain.

“Are you okay?” He asked, finally, almost breathless.

“Don’t stop,” she whispered, “it feels so…good…” He smiled, pulling out of her a little ways before going back in. Beneath him, she moaned, wrapping her legs around his waist, heels digging into his back just slightly. He bit his lip, thrusting a little faster inside of her.

“John,” she practically screamed, moving her hips in time with his thrusts.

“You’re so tight,” he whispered. She moaned his name again, rocking her hips harder into him, heels digging into his back harder. He wasn’t sure how much longer…he sighed, pressing his face into her shoulder and biting down on her skin. She called his name again as he pulled out, coming on her stomach.

Dess sighed a little, watching as John reached for some Kleenex from her bed side table, wiping his cum off of her.

“You don’t have to…” she whispered and he just smiled at her, wiping the rest of his cum off before leaning down and kissing her cheek. She giggled a little bit, smiling softly.

“I…” she started, biting her lip.

“What?” John asked, laying down next to her and brushing a piece of hair out of her face.

“Thanks…” she said, blushing a little at how stupid she must’ve sounded just then. John laughed, gathering her into his arms and kissing her forehead.

“I love you, Dess,” he said softly, “I….I know it took me awhile to say it…” he started, but trailed off when Dess pressed her fingers to his lips.

“It’s okay,” she told him, “If it’s any consolation, I probably said it too soon.” He smiled down at her, kissing the tips of her fingers.

“You were perfect, by the way,” she told him, snuggling her face into his chest. He laughed a little bit.

“But you didn’t…” he started, but she hushed him again, this time with a kiss.

“We’ll worry about that later,” she said, “right now…all I want is…” she kissed him again before snuggling her face into his shoulder. He hugged her tighter, naked bodies pressed together tightly.

“I love you too, by the way,” she said, a little late. He chuckled, running his fingers through her hair.

“It’s okay,” he said, “I pretty much already knew.”